This paper focuses on the high-speed design and Signal Integrity evolution. It discuss about the signal propagation on the transmission lines - where in high speed systems, transmission lines cannot be treated as simple short connections, they are subject to high frequency phenomena. 

Frequency dependent losses - high frequency signals experience frequency dependent losses due to skin effect, dielectric polarization, and surface roughness.  - this paper emphasizes that accurate modelling is important in order to account for these losses. 

Differential Signaling and mode conversion - Differential signaling is used to improve the signal quality - but imperfections in in-pair skew and asymmetric vias can cause mode conversion- that is it converts the differential signal into a common mode signal. This not only degrades the signal but also causes Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC), such as radiation and noise coupling. 

To deal with these discontinuities, engineers focus on modeling using complex analytical models like physics-based equivalent circuit models and the 3-D full wave extractions. 

The passive components are accurately measured to validate the SI designs. And Engineers primarily use Vector Network Analyzers (VNA) in frequency domain and Time-Domain reflectometry (TDR) in time domain. 

The Link-Path analysis and design: The overlink path determines the Bit Error Rate of the data communication. To maintain low error rates the following methods are proposed to mitigate the Intersymbol Interference (ISI) and signal degradation.

1. Equalization: This process compensates the low pass filter characteristics of the channel by boosting high-freq signal components - common techniques are Finite Impulse Response (FIR) filters and Decision feedback equalizers (DFE)
2. Modulation: To reduce the channel bandwidth multi-level coding schemes like PAM4  is used.
3. Jitter Analysis: This paper discuss about simulation techniques like peak distortion analysis (PDA) and Statistical BER analysis. 
