This paper focuses on the Regression and Inverse Problem. The authors aim to mathematically characterize the Generalization Error (GE) of a DNN trained to solve a regression problem. GE is the difference between how well the network performs between the training data and the unseen data. 

From this paper the authors prove that the GE of a DNN solving an inverse problem gets worse if there is an increase in, 

1. Level of noise
2. Complexity of mapping/operator
3. complexity of the data
4. The spectral norm of the network's weight matrices or Jacobians

The propose a solution: Computationally Efficient Proxy Regularizers:
Because the training process is normally oblivious to the noise and mappin complexity, the authors propose - we must artificially constrain the spectral norm of the Jacobian matrices.

Directly calculating the maximum singular value to find the exact spectral norm is incredibly computationally expensive for large matrices. They propose a proxy regularizers that achieve the same stabilizing effect efficiently. 

- Spectral Norm Regularization: Adds a penalty for the maximum singular value of weight matrices using power iteration.
- Spectral Restricted Isometry Property (SRIP): A strict constraint that forces all singular values of the convolutional kernel to be as close to 1 as possible.
- Weight Orthogonalization (WO): This is the newly proposed strategy by the authors. It regularizes the network by adding an L1 penalty to the loss function that forces the weight matrices to become exactly orthogonal. 
- Jacobian Orthogonalization: Another proposed method that directly forces the layer wise Jacobian to be orthogonal - however calculating the Jacobian at every training step is computationally heavy.
